Docs: add warning about retention storage for autopartitioned topics (#40143)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/topic-alter.md

| `--partitions-count`           | The number of topic [partitions](../../concepts/datamodel/topic.md#partitioning). You can only increase the number of partitions.                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `--retention-period`           | Data retention time in a topic. A positive number followed by a unit of time.<br/>The following units are supported:<ul><li>`s` – seconds;</li><li>`m` – minutes;</li><li>`h` – hours;</li><li>`d` – days.</li></ul>                                                                                                          |
| `--partition-write-speed-kbps` | The maximum write speed to a [partition](../../concepts/datamodel/topic.md#partitioning), specified in KB/s.<br/>The default value is `1024`.                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `--retention-storage-mb`       | The maximum storage size, specified in MB. When the limit is reached, the oldest data will be deleted. Not supported in topics with autopartitioning enabled.<br/>The default value is `0` (no limit).                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--retention-storage-mb`       | The maximum storage size, specified in MB. When the limit is reached, the oldest data will be deleted. Currently, this functionality does not work correctly when autopartitioning is enabled. The reason is that the amount of consumed space is controlled separately for each topic partition rather than for the topic as a whole. In other words, the size specified in the option is divided by the number of partitions and then enforced per partition. If the number of partitions changes automatically, the per-partition limits remain unchanged. This behavior will be fixed in future versions.<br/>The default value is `0` (no limit).                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
